** 25 - Feb

Group meeting in the tutorial-lab: 2 hours
    - Did a collective reading of the task
    - Discussed the order of how we should approach things
    - Worked out schedules of each member and assigned
    - Discussed the mediums we should use to communicate, collaborate for each member's convenience
    - Deadline: Next Friday, try get all of 6.2 done

** 1 - March
Check-up Meeting in discord/messenger: 1~ hour
    - Housekeeping on everyone's progress
    - On track to get it done by tomorrow (2nd), get a prototype + tests for all specifications at the very least
    - To-do: channel_messages_v1, channel_join_v1, resolve variable names so we are all on the same page on what is used
    - Debug: channel_invite_v1, channel_details_v1
    - Goal: Pass all pipelines by Friday

** 4 - March

Group meeting in the tutorial-lab: 2 hours 
    - Discuessed better group and project work methods in order to attain better Project Management & Teamwork skills.
    - Committed to using agile standups and also improving documentation of group discussions and minutes. 
    
    - Clarified on what was left that needed to be done, as well as the mark in the leadership board, and the problem areas associated with our 
      20-30 mark
    - Need to get a copy of channel tests to run it locally to identify issues with code


** 7 - March

Group meeting night before due date: 1 hr
    - Discussed what needed to be done
    - Finalised commenting and testing
    - Added edge cases for testing
    - Fixed coverage to ensure close to 100% coverage

** 12 - March

Group meeting: 1 hr
    - Discussed the results of Iteration 1
    - Talked about how we would tackle time management for Iteration 2, how we could improve from Iteration 1
    - Talked about things we'd learnt and how we would apply them into Iteration 2
    - Talked about tokens

** 14 - March

Group meeting: 1 hr
    - Talked about how we are progressing, talked 
    - Confirmed we would be doing a standup soon and adding extra documentation into git
    - talked more about tokens


** 25 - March

Group meeting: 45 min
    - Discussed results of leaderboard, identifying that our poor mark was because debug mode was on
    - Discuessed test design, clearing up some poor design choices, and acknowledging issues that may arise
    - Talked about what we would need to finalise in last mile until assignment is due
    - Goal: Pass all pipelines by Saturday
    

** 8 - April

Group meeting: 45 min
    - Allocated group work allocation
    - Resolved to finish all functions by 11th April to be able to make leaderboard with full implementation
    - Deadlines for all functions are 11th
    - Ensured that we commited tests before implementation

    Group Allocation is as follows:

    FUCNTIONS		Who Take	
notifications/get/v1		Morris	
search/v1		Param	
message/share/v1		Morris	
message/react/v1		Morris	
message/unreact/v1		Morris	
message/pin/v1		Param	
message/unpin/v1		Param	
message/sendlater/v1		Morris	
message/sendlaterdm/v1		Morris	
standup/start/v1		Roland	
standup/active/v1		Roland	
standup/send/v1		Roland	
auth/passwordreset/request/v1		Michael	
auth/passwordreset/reset/v1		Michael	
user/profile/uploadphoto/v1		Morris	
user/stats/v1		Michael	
users/stats/v1		Michael	
Written Report		Michael	
    